terraform/README.md, before:

# kubeflow-ml-azure

Deployment script for data analytics platform based on Terraform. 

# Prerequisites

Azure command line installed and user authenticated

Terraform installed

# Setup

Create an Azure Service principal RBAC user with Contributor role 
```
az ad sp create-for-rbac --role="Contributor" --scopes="/subscriptions/your_subscription_id"
```
output
```
Retrying role assignment creation: 1/36
Retrying role assignment creation: 2/36
{
  "appId": "your_client_id_from_script_execution",
  "displayName": "azure-cli-2018-09-16-10-56-26",
  "name": "http://azure-cli-2018-09-16-10-56-26",
  "password": "your_client_secret_from_script_execution",
  "tenant": "your_tenant_id_from_script_execution"
}
```

For azure authentication you will need to create a file terraform.tfvars which will contain the following 

```
azure_subscription_id = "your_subscription_id_from_script_execution"
azure_client_id       = "your_client_id_from_script_execution"
azure_client_secret   = "your_client_secret_from_script_execution"
azure_tenant_id       = "your_tenant_id_from_script_execution"
```
Run
`terraform init`
to download the azure terraform provider


Run 
`terraform plan -out run.plan`

you should see that terraform is planing to create two new resources

```
  + azurerm_kubernetes_cluster.k8s
  + azurerm_resource_group.k8s
.....
Plan: 2 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.
```

Now we are ready to execute terraform plan

```
terraform apply "run.plan"
```

This take few minutes to complete...

Let's check that our cluster is up and running (Terraform output variable will contains the raw configuration of the newly created Kubernetes cluster)

```
echo "$(terraform output kube_config)" > ~/.kube/kubeflow

export KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/kubeflow

➜  thd-platform git:(master) ✗ kubectl get nodes
NAME                     STATUS    ROLES     AGE       VERSION
aks-default-38504768-0   Ready     agent     5m        v1.9.9
aks-default-38504768-1   Ready     agent     5m        v1.9.9
aks-default-38504768-2   Ready     agent     5m        v1.9.9

```


setup proxy 
```
az aks browse --resource-group dcoe_rg --name kubeflow
#OR
kubectl proxy
```

Open Kubernetes dashboard

```
open 'http://localhost:8001/api/v1/namespaces/kube-system/services/kubernetes-dashboard/proxy/#!/overview?namespace=default'
```


## Azure Container Registry

### Individual login with Azure AD

```bash
az acr login --name azcore
```

Commit message:

Add proxy-notes to README

terraform/README.md, after:

# kubeflow-ml-azure

Deployment script for data analytics platform based on Terraform. 

# Prerequisites

Azure command line installed and user authenticated

Terraform installed

# Setup

Create an Azure Service principal RBAC user with Contributor role 
```
az ad sp create-for-rbac --role="Contributor" --scopes="/subscriptions/your_subscription_id"
```
output
```
Retrying role assignment creation: 1/36
Retrying role assignment creation: 2/36
{
  "appId": "your_client_id_from_script_execution",
  "displayName": "azure-cli-2018-09-16-10-56-26",
  "name": "http://azure-cli-2018-09-16-10-56-26",
  "password": "your_client_secret_from_script_execution",
  "tenant": "your_tenant_id_from_script_execution"
}
```

For azure authentication you will need to create a file terraform.tfvars which will contain the following 

```
azure_subscription_id = "your_subscription_id_from_script_execution"
azure_client_id       = "your_client_id_from_script_execution"
azure_client_secret   = "your_client_secret_from_script_execution"
azure_tenant_id       = "your_tenant_id_from_script_execution"
```
Run
`terraform init`
to download the azure terraform provider


Run 
`terraform plan -out run.plan`

you should see that terraform is planing to create two new resources

```
  + azurerm_kubernetes_cluster.k8s
  + azurerm_resource_group.k8s
.....
Plan: 2 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.
```

Now we are ready to execute terraform plan

```
terraform apply "run.plan"
```

This take few minutes to complete...

Let's check that our cluster is up and running (Terraform output variable will contains the raw configuration of the newly created Kubernetes cluster).
You might need to disable the equinor proxy enviornment variables first. 

```
echo "$(terraform output kube_config)" > ~/.kube/kubeflow

export KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/kubeflow

➜  thd-platform git:(master) ✗ kubectl get nodes
NAME                     STATUS    ROLES     AGE       VERSION
aks-default-38504768-0   Ready     agent     5m        v1.9.9
aks-default-38504768-1   Ready     agent     5m        v1.9.9
aks-default-38504768-2   Ready     agent     5m        v1.9.9

```


setup proxy 
```
az aks browse --resource-group dcoe_rg --name kubeflow
#OR
kubectl proxy
```

Open Kubernetes dashboard

```
open 'http://localhost:8001/api/v1/namespaces/kube-system/services/kubernetes-dashboard/proxy/#!/overview?namespace=default'
```


## Azure Container Registry

### Individual login with Azure AD

```bash
az acr login --name azcore
```
